This project is a very simple boilerplate using NodeJS + Mithril to generate static pages for your REST API or static data.

Install requirements
====================

You need to setup NodeJS 5.6.0+, then:

    npm install -g browser-sync
    npm install -g bower
    npm install -g less
    npm install
    cd public && bower install

Run tests
=========
You can test the boilerplate using the `test/sample.js` template. Run it with:

    $ export NODE_ENV=testing && export LANG=en && node test/sample.js

This will generate your static site in `public`.

See it live
============
One good practice to see this at work is to print the output to HTML and use `browser-sync` to see it live.

    browser-sync start --server public

***Note: if you only see `Cannot GET`, try renaming `public/sample.html` to `public/index.html`.***


Globalization
================================================
All the Mithril modules generated by this template have to be multi-lingual, using the **localize** node module from npm. 

Use the `translations/translations.json` file to obtain a list of translation languages, and then use ```t.translate()``` function within your code to get translations.

The example given shows how this can be used to utilize the user's system language.

For more information, [see localize npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/localize).

Include your CSS
================================================
This template uses [Bootstrap] and [Less] for styling.

You can compile **less** files like so:

    lessc less/sample.less > public/sample.css

and then use them with:

    <link href="sample.css" rel="stylesheet">

to add custom stying to your templates.

[Bootstrap]: http://getbootstrap.com "Bootstrap is the most popular HTML, CSS, and JS framework"
[Less]: http://lesscss.org
